 bicycle does get you there and more.... And there is always the thin edge of danger to keep you alert and comfortably apprehensive.  Dogs become dogs again and snap at your raincoat; potholes become personal.  And getting there is all the fun.  ~Bill Emerson, "On Bicycling," Saturday Evening Post, 29 July 1967
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle. ~Gloria Steinem
After your first day of cycling, one dream is inevitable.  A memory of motion lingers in the muscles of your legs, and round and round they seem to go.  You ride through Dreamland on wonderful dream bicycles that change and grow.  ~H.G. Wells, The Wheels of Chance
All bicycles weigh fifty pounds.  A thirty-pound bicycle needs a twenty-pound lock.  A forty-pound bicycle needs a ten-pound lock.  A fifty-pound bicycle doesn't need a lock.  ~Author Unknown
All creatures who have ever walked have wished that they might fly.  With highwheelers a flesh and blood man can hitch wings to his feet.  ~Karl Kron, Ten Thousand Miles on a Bicycle
An intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike ~ Spiro Agnew
And I love to ride my bike, which is great aerobics, but also just a great time for me to think, so it's like this terrific double bill. ~ Robin Williams
Bicycling is a big part of the future. It has to be. There is something wrong with a society that drives a car to work out in a gym. ~ Bill Nye
Bicycling is a healthy and manly pursuit with much to recommend it, and, unlike other foolish crazes,it has not died out. ~ The Daily Telegraph (1877)
Bicycling is the nearest approximation I know to the flight of birds.  The airplane simply carries a man on its back like an obedient Pegasus; it gives him no wings of his own.  ~Louis J. Helle, Jr., Spring in Washington
But it's good-witch power, not bad-witch power. You know, Glenda-in-a-bubble power, not Margaret Hamilton-on-a-bicycle power. ~Willow, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997) {Tough Love (#5.19)}
But the fact is that I wouldn't have won even a single Tour de France without the lesson of illness.  What it teaches is this: pain is temporary.  Quitting lasts forever.  ~ Lance Armstrong
But we are involved, Etta. Don't you know that? I mean you are riding on my bicycle - in some Arabian countries that's the same as being married. ~Butch Cassidy, "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid"
Cats don't like riding on a bicycle....no matter how much duct tape you use.  ~Anonymous
Consider a man riding a bicycle.  Whoever he is, we can say three things about him.  We know he got on the bicycle and started to move.  We know that at some point he will stop and get off.  Most important of all, we know that if at any point between the beginning and the end of his journey he stops moving and does not get off the bicycle he will fall off it.  That is a metaphor for the journey through life of any living thing, and I think of any society of living things.  ~William Golding
Cycle tracks will abound in Utopia.  ~H.G. Wells
Cycling is just like church - many attend, but few understand.  ~ Jim Burlant 
Cycling is unique.  No other sport lets you go like that - where there's only the bike left to hold you up.  If you ran as hard, you'd fall over.  Your legs wouldn't support you.  ~Steve Johnson
Even though we ride non-polluting bicycles to save mankind, we lock our bikes because we can't trust mankind 
For instance, the bicycle is the most efficient machine ever created:  Converting calories into gas, a bicycle gets the equivalent of three thousand miles per gallon.  ~Bill Strickland, The Quotable Cyclist
Getting older is like riding a bicycle, if you don't keep peddling, you'll fall. ~Claude Pepper, US congressman
He has a capacity for enjoyment so vast that he gives away great chunks to those about him, and never even misses them. . . . He can take you to a bicycle race and make it raise your hair. ~Dorothy Parker, "New Yorker", 30 Nov 1929.
He neither drank, smoked, nor rode a bicycle. Living frugally, saving his money, he died early, surrounded by greedy relatives. It was a great lesson to me. ~John Barrymore, American actor
He was very sickly until he started riding around on that bicycle. ~Mom, "Breaking Away"
I began to feel that myself plus the bicycle equaled myself plus the world, upon whose spinning wheel we must all earn to ride, or fall into the sluiceways of oblivion and despair. That which made me succeed with the bicycle was precisely what had gained me a measure of success in life -- it was the hardihood of spirit that led me to begin, the persistence of will that held me to my task, and the patience that was willing to begin again when the last stroke had failed. And so I found high moral uses in the bicycle and can commend it as a teacher without pulpit or creed.  ~ Frances E. Willard, How I Learned To Ride The Bicycle, 1895
I came out for exercise, gentle exercise, and to notice the scenery and to botanise.  And no sooner do I get on that accursed machine than off I go hammer and tongs; I never look to right or left, never notice a flower, never see a view - get hot, juicy, red - like a grilled chop.  Get me on that machine and I have to go.  I go scorching along the road, and cursing aloud at myself for doing it.  ~H.G. Wells, The Wheels of Chance
I love riding with women. There's no snot blowing, spitting, or dirty jokes. Well I guess there is, but it's more fun when you're the one doing it!!  ~ overheard at a BOMBB Squad (all-women) ride 
I love the bicycle. I always have. I can think of no sincere, decent human being, male or female, young or old, saintly or sinful, who can resist the bicycle. ~William Saroyan 
I never want to abandon my bike. I see my grandfather, now in his seventies and riding around everywhere. To me that is beautiful. And the bike must always remain a part of my life. ~Stephen Roche 
I prefer a bike to a horse. The brakes are more easily checked. ~Lambert Jeffries
I relax by taking my bicycle apart and putting it back together again.  ~Michelle Pfeiffer 
I suppose that was what attracted me to the bicycle right from the start. It is not so much a way of getting somewhere as it is a setting for randomness; it makes every journey an unorganized tour.  ~ Daniel Behrman
I thought of that while riding my bike.  ~Albert Einstein, on the theory of relativity
I was trying to introduce myself as America's woman champion, but I said the french word "Champignon," so I introduced myself as a mushroom.  ~ Nancy Neiman Baranet 
I'm lazy. But it's the lazy people who invented the wheel and the bicycle because they didn't like walking or carrying things. ~Lech Walesa, "Readers' Digest."
If we all, mountain bikers, cyclists, multinational companies, Jo Public, respected the land like old civilizations we wouldn't get so many punctures.  Earth's revenge.  ~Jo Burt  (Thanks, Jacquie)
If you ride you know those moments when you have fed yourself into the traffic, felt the hashed-up asphalt rattle in the handlebars, held a lungful of air in a cloud of exhaust.  Up ahead there are two parallel buses.  With cat's whiskers, you measure the clearance down a doubtful alley.  You swing wide, outflank that flower truck.  The cross-street yellow light is turning red.  You burst off the green like a surfer on a wave of metal.  You have a hundred empty yards of Broadway to yourself.  ~Chip Brown, "A Bike and a Prayer"
If you're gonna fly a bicycle you'd better make sure E.T. is sitting in your basket instead of a twelve pack of beer. ~Earl Hickey, My Name Is Earl
It is by riding a bicycle that you learn the contours of a country best, since you have to sweat up the hills and coast down them.  Thus you remember them as they actually are, while in a motor car only a high hill impresses you, and you have no such accurate remembrance of country you have driven through as you gain by riding a bicycle.  ~Ernest Hemingway
It is curious that with the advent of the automobile and the airplane, the bicycle is still with us.  Perhaps people like the world they can see from a bike, or the air they breathe when they're out on a bike.  Or they like the bicycle's simplicity and the precision with which it is made.  Or because they like the feeling of being able to hurtle through air one minute, and saunter through a park the next, without leaving behind clouds of choking exhaust, without leaving behind so much as a footstep.  ~Gurdon S. Leete
It never gets easier, you just go faster.  ~ Greg LeMond
It would not be at all strange if history came to the conclusion that the perfection of the bicycle was the greatest incident of the nineteenth century.  ~Author Unknown
It's something I find enjoyable. Whether it is a road bike or mountain bike or tandem bike. I enjoy riding a bike.  ~ Lance Armstrong 
Let a man find himself, in distinction from others, on top of two wheels with a chain-at least in a poor country like Russia-and his vanity begins to swell out like his tyres. In America it takes an automobile to produce this effect.  ~Leon Trotsky
Let me tell you what I think of bicycling. I think it has done more to emancipate women than anything else in the world. I stand and rejoice every time I see a woman on a wheel. It gives a woman a feeling of freedom and self- reliance.  ~Susan B. Anthony, New York World, February 2, 1896
Life is like a ten speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use. ~Charles M. Schulz
Life is like riding a bicycle.  To keep your balance you must keep moving. ~Albert Einstein
Mankind has invested more than four million years of evolution in the attempt to avoid physical exertion.  Now a group of backward-thinking atavists mounted on foot-powered pairs of Hula-Hoops would have us pumping our legs, gritting our teeth, and searing our lungs as though we were being chased across the Pleistocene savanna by saber-toothed tigers.  Think of the hopes, the dreams, the effort, the brilliance, the pure force of will that, over the eons, has gone into the creation of the Cadillac Coupe de Ville.  Bicycle riders would have us throw all this on the ash heap of history.  ~P.J. O'Rourke
Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit. ~Billy Connolly, Scottish Actor
Melancholy is incompatible with bicycling.  ~James E. Starrs
Messengers and mountain bikers share a common chromosome.  ~James Bethea
Most bicyclists in New York City obey instinct far more than they obey the traffic laws, which is to say that they run red lights, go the wrong way on one-way streets, violate cross-walks, and terrify innocents, because it just seems easier that way.  Cycling in the city, and particularly in midtown, is anarchy without malice.  ~Author unknown, from New Yorker, "Talk of the Town"
Never use your face as a brake pad.  ~ Jake Watson 
Newspapers are unable, seemingly, to discriminate between a bicycle accident and the collapse of civilisation. ~George Bernard Shaw, "Too True to Be Good, Preface", 1931.
Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of a bike ride.  ~John F. Kennedy
One of my favorite things about biking (vs driving):When I used to drive, I always drove with my doors locked...I would play my stereo, and mostly avoid any contact with other drivers on the road (just stayed in my gas-guzzling box..) But now, I ride my bike and oddly enough, I'm less afraid of all those things..And when I am at a stoplight and another cyclist is also there, I usually know their name by the time the light turns green! Its like all these walls come down and although it seems more dangerous than being in a car, I am less afraid!  ~ Joni Mehler, 1995 
Ozzy won't be on a quad bike again. He learnt the hard way that he can't ride a bike. ~ Kelly Osbourne
People are screaming and the next thing you know you're going too hard. You're out of the saddle sprinting up a hill or something and because of the cheers you don't feel a thing until you get to the top. Then you pay. ~ Alison Sydor
People do not 'drive' cars, they steer them.  People do not 'ride' bicycles, they drive them. --- A. N. Mouse
Predawn ride, I pass my neighbor on a run. "Why are you riding a bike?" he asks. "Running gets you in shape faster." It's not about that. It's about how riding makes me feel. The speed. Leaning into gentle curves. Charging up hills. How strong my legs feel. Riding gets me fit. But thats just luck. I don't ride to get fit.  ~ R. Todd Barker 
Refrain from throwing your bicycle in public. It shows poor upbringing.  ~ Jacquie Phelan
She who succeeds in gaining the mastery of the bicycle will gain the mastery of life.  ~ Frances E. Willard, How I Learned To Ride The Bicycle, 1895 
She's the village bicycle! Everybody's had a ride. ~Austin Powers, "Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery"
Since the bicycle make little demand on material or energy resources, contributes little to pollution, makes a positive contribution to health and causes little death ro injury, it can be regarded as the most benevolent of machines.  ~ Stuart S Wilson 
Smooth, predictable riding when you're in a group isn't just a matter of style. It's survival. ~ Geoff Drake 
Socialism can only arrive by bicycle. ~Jose Antonio Viera Gallo, Chilean Politician
Striker, listen, and you listen close: flying a plane is no different than riding a bicycle, just a lot harder to put baseball cards in the spokes. ~Rex Kramer, Airplane!
Tens of thousands who could never afford to own, feed and stable a horse, had by this bright invention enjoyed the swiftness of motion which is perhaps the most fascinating feature of material life.  ~Frances Willard, How I Learned to Ride the Bicycle
That which caused the many failures I had in learning the bicycle has caused me failures in life; namely, a certain fearful looking for of judgement; a too vivid realization of the uncertainty of everything about me; an underlying doubt -- at once, however, matched and overcome by the determination not to give in to it.  ~ Frances E. Willard, How I Learned To Ride The Bicycle, 1895 
The advantages? Exercise, no parking problems, gas prices, it's fun. An automobile is expensive. You have to find a place to park and it's not fun. So why not ride a bicycle? I recommend it.  ~ Stephen G. Breyer, U.S. Supreme Court Justice
The best routes are the ones you haven't ridden. You could pedal the same loops year after year. Many people do, literally or figuratively. But to grow, you need new rides. Risks. Turn down lanes you've long seen but never traveled. Get lost once or twice, then double back to where you started and try again.  Live like this and you come to see unknown territory not as threatening, but as intriguing.  ~ Mark Remy, Bicycling Magazine
The bicycle had, and still has, a humane, almost classical moderation in the kind of pleasure it offers.  It is the kind of machine that a Hellenistic Greek might have invented and ridden.  It does no violence to our normal reactions:  It does not pretend to free us from our normal environment.  ~J.B. Jackson
The bicycle has a soul. If you succeed to love it, it will give you emotions that you will never forget. ~ Mario Cipollini
The bicycle is a curious vehicle.  Its passenger is its engine.  ~John Howard
The bicycle is just as good company as most husbands and, when it gets old and shabby, a woman can dispose of it and get a new one without shocking the entire community.  ~Ann Strong
The bicycle is the most civilized conveyance known to man.  Other forms of transport grow daily more nightmarish.  Only the bicycle remains pure in heart.  ~Iris Murdoch, The Red and the Green
The bicycle will accomplish more for women's sensible dress than all the reform movements that have ever been waged.  ~Author Unknown, from Demerarest's Family Magazine, 1895
The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.  ~Christopher Morley 
The grace and charm of the bicycle lend added warmth and contour to the persons of the lovers it joins.  ~ James E Starrs 
The gross and net result of it is that people who spent most of their natural lives riding iron bicycles over the rocky roadsteads of this parish get their personalities mixed up with the personalities of their bicycle as a result of the interchanging of the atoms of each of them and you would be surprised at the number of people in these parts who nearly are half people and half bicycle.  ~ Sergeant Pluck, expounding on The Atomic Theory, in "The Third Policeman," by Flann O'Brien.
The hardest part of raising a child is teaching them to ride bicycles. A father can only ride beside the bicycle or stand yelling directions while the child falls. A shaky child on a bicycle for the first time needs both support and freedom. ~Sloan Wilson, "What Shall We Wear to This Party?"
The journey of life is like a man riding a bicycle. We know he got on the bicycle and started to move. We know that at some point he will stop and get off. We know that if he stops moving and does not get off he will fall off. ~William Golding, "Utopias and Antiutopias"
The secret to mountain biking is pretty simple.  The slower you go the more likely it is you'll crash.  ~Julie Furtado
The sound of a car door opening in front of you is similar to the sound of a gun being cocked.  ~Amy Webster
The term "loose woman" originated with the dawn of women on bikes and their desire to ride corset free ~Terry catalog
The world lies right beyond the handlebars of any bicycle that I happen to be on anywhere from New York Bay to the Vallee de Chevreuse. Anywhere is high adventure, the walls come down, the cyclist is a loner, it is the only way for him to meet other loners. And it works. One seldom exchanges anything but curses or names of insurance companies with another driver, the car inhibits human contacts. The bicycle generates them; bikes talk to each other like dogs, they wag their wheels and tinkle their bells, the riders let their mounts mingle.  ~ Daniel Behrman
There is nothing like walking to get the feel of a country.  A fine landscape is like a piece of music; it must be taken at the right tempo.  Even a bicycle goes too fast.  ~Paul Scott Mowrer, The House of Europe
There is nothing, absolutely nothing, quite so worthwhile as simply messing about on bicycles.  ~ Tom Kunich 
Think of bicycles as rideable art that can just about save the world.  ~Grant Petersen
Those who wish to control their own lives and move beyond existence as mere clients and consumers- those people ride a bike. ~ Wolfgang Sachs
To ride a bicycle properly is very much like a love affair; chiefly is is a matter of faith. Believe you can do it and the thing is done; doubt, and for the life of you, you cannot.  ~ H.G. Wells, The Wheels of Chance 
Toleration is the greatest gift of the mind; it requires the same effort of the brain that it takes to balance oneself on a bicycle. ~Helen Keller, "The Story of My Life", 1903
Too often I would hear men boast of the miles covered that day, rarely of what they had seen. ~ Louis L'Amour
We four Beatles of Liverpool are John in a taxi George in a car Paul on a bicycle Licking an icicle Following Ringo Starr
What do you call a cyclist who doesn't wear a helmet?  An organ donor.  ~David Perry
What's with these recumbent bicycles? Listen, buddy, if you wanna take a nap, lie down. If you wanna ride a bike, buy a >#*%^* bicycle. ~ George Carlin
When I go biking I am mentally far far away from civilization. The world is breaking someone else's heart. ~Diane Ackerman 
When I go biking, I repeat a mantra of the day's sensations:  bright sun, blue sky, warm breeze, blue jay's call, ice melting and so on.  This helps me transcend the traffic, ignore the clamorings of work, leave all the mind theaters behind and focus on nature instead.  I still must abide by the rules of the road, of biking, of gravity.  But I am mentally far away from civilization.  The world is breaking someone else's heart.  ~Diane Ackerman
When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race. ~H. G. Wells
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me. ~Emo Philips, US Comedian
When man invented the bicycle he reached the peak of his attainments.  Here was a machine of precision and balance for the convenience of man.  And (unlike subsequent inventions for man's convenience) the more he used it, the fitter his body became.  Here, for once, was a product of man's brain that was entirely beneficial to those who used it, and of no harm or irritation to others.  Progress should have stopped when man invented the bicycle.  ~Elizabeth West, Hovel in the Hills
When the spirits are low, when the day appears dark, when work becomes monotonous, when hope hardly seems worth having, just mount a bicycle and go out for a spin down the road, without thought on anything but the ride you are taking. ~ Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Who am I? Where am I? Oh yes-I'm at the Tour, so I should get on my bike and go. Where is my bike?  ~ Djamolidin Abdujaparov's first words after regaining consciousness after a crash, 1996
Whoever invented the bicycle deserves the thanks of humanity. ~Lord Charles Beresford 
Yes Brain, but if our knees bent the other way, how would we ride a bicycle? ~Pinky, Pinky and the Brain
Yes, wherever bicycles are broken, or menaced by International Communism, Bicycle Repair Man is ready! Ready to smash the communists, wipe them up, and shove them off the face of the earth... ~Announcer, Monty Python's Flying Circus
You never have the wind with you - either it is against you or you're having a good day.  ~ Daniel Behrman, The Man Who Loved Bicycles
I don't like to read books; they muss up my mind. ~Henry Ford, American hero
It shreds flesh, blinds eyes, eats lungs, destroys minds. ~Ilya Ehrenburg, The Life of the Automobile
I still feel that variable gears are only for people over forty-five. Isn't it better to triumph by the strength of your muscles than by the artifice of a derailleur? We are getting soft... As for me, give me a fixed gear!" ~Henri Desgrange, L'Equipe article of 1902
The art of conversation is almost a lost one.  People talk as they ride bicycles -- at a rush -- without pausing to consider their surroundings. ~Marie Corelli, 1905
